---
title: 2019-10-07-andrew-ryan
event_title: ANDREW RYAN
layout: post
ticket_url: https://www.weezevent.com/ryan2019
fb_url: https://www.facebook.com/events/2931434153596819/
image_url: https://wzeweb-p-visuelorga-evn-affiche-thumb.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/affiche_497060.thumb53700.1565696868.jpg
---
<p>For our next show we have one of the top Irish acts performing in Brussels for the first time</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Andrew Ryan</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Irishman Andrew Ryan is one of the most exciting talents in recent years; in demand as an act and an MC at the biggest comedy clubs across the UK &amp; Ireland.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Andrew’s quintessentially Irish storytelling abilities and cheeky, friendly demeanour make him a natural &nbsp;stand up. He performed his debut hour show ‘<strong>Ryanopoly</strong>’ at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 2012, receiving rave reviews <em>(‘Illuminating debut&nbsp;</em><em>★★★★</em><em>’</em> <em>–</em><em> The Metro)</em>.&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>In 2015 he was at the&nbsp;Edinburgh Festival with <strong>‘Perfectly Inadequate’ </strong><strong>s</strong>elling out his run at the Festival and having to&nbsp;put on extra shows. ‘<em>Hard not to&nbsp;enjoy’ </em><em>★★★★</em><em> Daily Record</em>.&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>He returned again to Edinburgh in 2016 with <strong>‘Ruined’ </strong><em>(‘An hour of hilarious comedy’ </em><strong><em>★★★★</em></strong><strong><em>-</em></strong>&nbsp;<em>Edfestmag<strong>)</strong></em> <strong>and i</strong>n 2017 with <strong>‘Did you get here alright?’&nbsp;</strong>&nbsp;<em>(Rapturously Funny&nbsp;</em><strong><em>★★★★</em></strong><strong><em>- </em></strong><em>The List<strong>)</strong></em></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>In 2018 he won <strong>‘BEST NEW SHOW’&nbsp;</strong>at The Leicester Comedy Festival with his new show <strong>‘ Is everything alright at home?’</strong></p><p><br>Andrew has appeared on many TV shows in the UK &amp; Ireland&nbsp;He has performed stand-up on BBC3’s Russell Howard’s Good News, Best of the Edinburgh Festival Live on BBC3, The Blame Game on BBC 1, Live at The Comedy Store for Comedy Central, Live for MIND on Comedy Central, The Six O Clock show on TV3 ( Ireland). Contributions to Golf’s Funniest Moments, Crickets Funniest Moments, When Chat Shows Go Wrong all for Sky 1.<br>In Ireland Andrew performs regularly in Dublin and has been invited to &nbsp;perform at Kilkenny Cat laughs festival, Ivy Gardens in Dublin, Galway &amp; Cork Comedy Festival.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Support act:</p><p><strong>Manu Moreau</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Well acquainted with our Brussels crowd, Manu Moreau could be a bird or a plane. Well, if he’s up that high, he must be insane! From a small township to the big city, he’s been there, done that and sold the t-shirt. His first steps in comedy weren’t so long ago, but every step since has been closely monitored for your safety. His comedy works similar to cocaine: one line after the other, very addictive...</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>For catering we team up with restaurant/tapas bar <strong>Les Pénates</strong>, just across the street from Marni Theatre.&nbsp; You can book your table here info@lespenates.be / 02 850 82 77 and mention you go to the comedy show at Marni, so that the waiters will know you have to be served before a certain time. Book early as this place is very popular and in high demand.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span>Doors open at 7 pm<br>Online tickets : 20€<br>On the door : 25€</span></p>