---
title: 2019-10-22-english-comedy-night-w-eleanor-tiernan-&-prince-abdi
event_title: ENGLISH COMEDY NIGHT W/ ELEANOR TIERNAN & PRINCE ABDI
layout: post
ticket_url: https://www.weezevent.com/oct2019show2
fb_url: https://www.facebook.com/events/646995222477694/
image_url: https://wzeweb-p-visuelorga-evn-affiche-thumb.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/affiche_497072.thumb53700.1565699326.jpg
---
<p>Another outstanding line up for this show with:</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Eleanor Tiernan</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Eleanor Tiernan is an Irish comedian well-known among Irish audiences for her live stand up performances and her work in TV, theatre and on radio. She was featured on <em>Stewart Lee’s Alternative Comedy Experience</em> on Comedy Central and has played Latitude, Glastonbury, Montreal Just For Laughs and all of the top Irish comedy festivals.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>In 2010 Eleanor was one of the creators of the big hit of the Dublin Fringe Festival <em>City West Side Story</em> which sold out its entire run. She went on to create the innovative <em>National Therapy Project</em> in the same festival in 2014 for which she was nominated for the First Fortnight award. She has completed six runs at the Edinburgh Fringe festival.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Eleanor’s first TV work was with Headwreckers as part of Channel 4‘s <em>Comedy Lab</em> series. Following this she both wrote and performed in RTE’s <em>The Savage Eye</em> which received an IFTA nomination. Eleanor has appeared on Maeve Higgins’ <em>Fancy Vittles,</em> <em>The Panel,</em> <em>Republic of Telly</em> and performed stand-up on <em>Tonight with Craig Doyle.</em> She was the first act to feature on RTE’s flagship <em>Stand and Deliver</em> and recently wrote and performed on the critically-acclaimed political satire show <em>Irish Pictorial Weekly.</em> She plays Dolores in the RTÉ sitcom <em>Bridget and Eamonn.</em></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Eleanor lives in the UK where she enjoys making social faux pas and losing personal items on public transport.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>“Tiernan boasts a magnificent curl in her lip and snarl in her voice.” SUNDAY TIMES</p><p>“Tiernan has a uniquely oblique angle on the word, and her routines have a touch of whimsy while grounded in astute observation. It means her set sounds fresh and original, without being so wilfully strange it will alienate all but the most dedicated followers.” CHORTLE</p><p>“Eleanor Tiernan is far and away the best comic actress I have seen on stage.” HOT PRESS IRELAND</p><p>“The fastest-rising comedy talent in the country” IRISH TIMES</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Prince Abdi</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Prince Abdi is a British stand up comedian/Actor/Writer.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>His versatile and unique story telling makes him a feel good comedian and one to watch.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>As well as being a regular on the UK comedy circuit , Prince Abdi has performed in various countries overseas including USA, Canada, Turkey, Holland, Northern Ireland, South Africa, Australia, uae, Germany, Slovenia Nigeria and Kenya. Prince Has Supported the Likes of Dave Chappelle, Chris Rock, Micheal McIntyre, Russel Peters and Reg D Hunter.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Prince has written and starred in his own TV sketch for the BBC, Comedy Central and ITV as well as comedy and drama features.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Other TV credits include:-</p><p>BBC (The Wall)</p><p>ITV (FHM stand up Hero)</p><p>BBC3 (Laughter shock)</p><p>Comedy Central (The World Stands Up).</p><p>Show me the funny (ITV1)</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span>Doors open at 7 pm<br>Online tickets : 20€<br>On the door : 25€</span></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span>For catering we team up with restaurant/tapas bar <strong>Les Pénates</strong>, just across the street from Marni Theatre.&nbsp; You can book your table here info@lespenates.be / 02 850 82 77 and mention you go to the comedy show at Marni, so that the waiters will know you have to be served before a certain time. Book early as this place is very popular and in high demand.</span></p>