---
title: 2019-12-02-english-comedy-night-w-marcel-lucont-&-nigel-williams
event_title: ENGLISH COMEDY NIGHT W/ MARCEL LUCONT & NIGEL WILLIAMS
layout: post
ticket_url: https://www.weezevent.com/dec2019show1
fb_url: https://www.facebook.com/events/717141585428370/
image_url: https://wzeweb-p-visuelorga-evn-affiche-thumb.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/affiche_537921.thumb53700.1571649192.jpg
---
<p>A superstar line up for this show!</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Marcel Lucont</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Marcel Lucont is the multi award-winning laconic Frenchman whose dry wit, bawdy chansons and exquisite sex poetry have made him a star from Roubaix to Melbourne and back again. He was a series regular on two series of BBC3's Live At The Electric, as well as appearing on Russell Howard's Good News (BBC3), Set List (Sky Atlantic)&nbsp;and The John Bishop Show (BBC1).</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>He has performed several sell-out runs in Perth, Melbourne, Adelaide and New Zealand, where he has also appeared on The New Zealand Comedy Festival Gala (TV3) and 7 Days (TV3). A stalwart of the Edinburgh Fringe, he was awarded the Amused Moose Laughter Award in 2012. Marcel is also&nbsp;the author of the hit book What We French Think of You English and Where You Are Going Wrong.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>"<em>Fresh, accesible and hilarious</em>" The Guardian</p><p>“<em>Wonderful French wit … superb stuff … His elegant, sardonic turns of phrase are an utter joy</em>” Time Out</p><p>“<em>Very funny… Quick-witted and exceedingly sharp</em>” British Comedy Guide&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Special guest:</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Nigel Williams</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Nigel Williams is one of the most famous standup comedians in the country. He is British but gained a huge success performing in Dutch. He has several sold out tours under his belt, and released a couple DVD's as well. He's a regular on TV shows and performs in all the major venues. Not the politically correct kind, but definitely one of the best comedians around.&nbsp; A must see!</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span>Doors open at 7 pm<br>Online tickets : 20€<br>On the door : 25€</span></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span>For catering we team up with restaurant/tapas bar <strong>Les Pénates</strong>, just across the street from Marni Theatre.&nbsp; You can book your table here info@lespenates.be / 02 850 82 77 and mention you go to the comedy show at Marni, so that the waiters will know you have to be served before a certain time. Book early as this place is very popular and in high demand.</span></p>