---
title: 2020-04-20-the-noise-next-door
event_title: THE NOISE NEXT DOOR
layout: post
ticket_url: https://www.weezevent.com/noisenextdoor2020
fb_url: https://www.facebook.com/events/219952732255849/
image_url: https://wzeweb-p-visuelorga-evn-affiche-thumb.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/affiche_496450.thumb53700.1576676945.jpg
---
<div><div class="_1mf _1mj"><span><span>!!ATTENTION, This show takes place on a MONDAY!!</span></span></div></div><div><div class="_1mf _1mj">&nbsp;</div></div><div><div class="_1mf _1mj"><span><span>After a memorable and completely sold out show last year, they are back: <strong>The Noise Next Door</strong>!</span></span></div></div><p>&nbsp;</p><p>The U.K’s premier improv comedy troupe have taken the comedy world by storm.</p><p>Twelve time sell-out veterans of the Edinburgh Fringe Festival and one of the country’s most sought after comedy club headliners, The Noise Next Door leave audiences everywhere in awe of their lightning-quick wit and totally original comedic talents.&nbsp;They have been performing their own distinctive brand of off-the-cuff comedy together since they met at university.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Taking audience suggestions, the cheeky and charming quartet, transform them into fantastically funny scenes and songs in the blink of an eye with a perfect blend of ludicrous characters, witty one-liners, epic stories, and explosive physicality.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>The Noise Next Door have appeared on BBC One, BBC Three, ITV1, BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 4, they were nominated for a Chortle Award in 2014, and have performed alongside the likes of Michael McIntyre, Al Murray, and Harry Hill. Having received standing ovations in front of corporate dinners, the British forces, secondary school students and even fans at ‘Download’ Heavy Metal music festival, they are also one of the most versatile acts in the business.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Unstoppably funny and uniquely talented, The Noise Next Door are the next big thing in British comedy.</p><p><br><br><span>Online tickets : 20€<br>On the door : 25€</span></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span>Doors open at 7pm, show starts at 8pm</span></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span><span>For catering we team up with restaurant/tapas bar Les Pénates, just across the street from Marni Theatre. You can book your table here info@lespenates.be / 02 850 82 77 and mention you go to the comedy show at Marni, so that the waiters will know you have to be served before a certain time. Book early as this place is very popular and in high demand.</span></span></p>