---
title: 2020-02-04-english-comedy-night-w-bobby-mair-&-sally-anne-hayward
event_title: ENGLISH COMEDY NIGHT W/ BOBBY MAIR & SALLY-ANNE HAYWARD
layout: post
ticket_url: https://www.weezevent.com/feb2020show1
fb_url: https://www.facebook.com/events/785184065256088/
image_url: https://wzeweb-p-visuelorga-evn-affiche-thumb.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/affiche_576107.thumb53700.1575721545.jpg
---
<p>One of the craziest comedians on the circuit is back in Brussels, don't miss <strong>Bobby Mair</strong>, together with oone of our favorite ladies of comedy, <strong>Sally-Anne Hayward</strong>.&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Bobby Mair</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Canadian stand-up&nbsp;Bobby Mair&nbsp;has taken the UK comedy circuit by storm, recently supporting the likes of Bill Burr and Doug Stanhope on tour. He co-starred in his first comedy series for VICELAND, Bobby And Harriet Get Married, alongside the love of his life, Harriet Kemsley.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>He hosted and wrote The Bobby Mair Show for Comedy Central online which was commissioned after his huge viral success on KSI:Demolished. He is also a seasoned panellist on C4’s 8 Out of 10 Cats, BBC Two’s Never Mind The Buzzcocks, E4’s Virtually Famous, BBC Three’s Sweat the Small Stuff and ITV 2’s Safe Word, and has performed on Russell Howard’s Good News.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>He notably took time out to troll Julian Assange, which attracted international press interest. He went toe-to-toe with Katie Hopkins after he donated his appearance fee from his booking on TLC’s What If Katie Hopkins Ruled The World, to causes he knew she’d hate. The deed did not go unnoticed by Katie and her cohort, and accumulated over 500,000 hits on YouTube, a figure far exceeding the number of viewers who watched the original TV series. Bobby is also currently recording a brand-new podcast with Bob Fletcher about ‘The Croydon Cat Killer’.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Sally-Anne Hayward</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Sally-Anne Hayward is a stalwart of the comedy circuit and has performed stand up comedy in all 5 continents of the world. She supported Sarah Millican on her UK and international tour.&nbsp; She has been described by the The Independent as&nbsp;"Exceptionally funny"</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;"It's easy to imagine Hayward at the 02&nbsp;" -&nbsp;<strong>★★★★</strong><strong>&nbsp;The Skinny</strong></p><p>"innate effusive likability with straightforward but effective writing... a primetime act."&nbsp;<strong>Chortle</strong></p><p>___________________________________________________________________________________________________________</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span><span>Doors open at 7 pm<br>Online tickets : 20€<br>On the door : 25€</span></span></p><p><br><br><span><span>For catering we team up with restaurant/tapas bar Les Pénates, just across the street from Marni Theatre. You can book your table here info@lespenates.be / 02 850 82 77 and mention you go to the comedy show at Marni, so that the waiters will know you have to be served before a certain time. Book early as this place is very popular and in high demand.</span></span></p>