---
title: 2020-03-23-english-comedy-night-w-allyson-smith-&-sean-mcloughlin
event_title: ENGLISH COMEDY NIGHT W/ ALLYSON SMITH & SEAN MCLOUGHLIN
layout: post
ticket_url: https://www.weezevent.com/mar2020show2
fb_url: https://www.facebook.com/events/571119730356070/
image_url: https://wzeweb-p-visuelorga-evn-affiche-thumb.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/affiche_576223.thumb53700.1575810921.jpg
---
<p><strong>Allyson Smith</strong> is maybe our Brussels' audience favorite female comedian, and you are totally right!&nbsp; Every time she performs in Brussels she raises the roof.&nbsp; The bar being set quite high (the roof), we are also bringing back another comedy master in the person of <strong>Sean McLoughlin</strong>.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Allyson June Smith</strong> (Can)</p><p><br>Since 2000, Allyson June Smith has been tickling Canada’s comedy scene from the moment she put down the chalk brush and picked up a mic.<br>Playing to packed rooms has become like another day in the classroom for this former school teacher.</p><p><br>Her credits include her own hour long Comedy Now special, appearances on CBC Radio’s hit show The Debaters, and the Winnipeg, Halifax and Just For Laughs Festivals, to name just a few. A multiple Canadian Comedy Award nominee for Best Female Stand-Up, she performs for audiences ranging from corporations to the most rural of gatherings. Whether she was the emcee, support, or headliner, she's delighted them all.</p><p><br>After working her way across Canada, Allyson now has taken her craft to the UK. Using her sassy blend of in-your-face stand-up and hilariously insightful commentary, she now works for major UK promoters and comedy clubs.</p><p><br>It is her genuine and unique sense of humor, combined with excellent performance timing, that has made audiences augh. This teacher-come-comic is ready to show international audiences why she is a sought-after fan favourite.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Sean McLoughlin</strong><br><br>Sean McLoughlin has performed gigs of all sizes right across the U.K. and internationally, from the big weekend clubs to the smaller independents, universities and crack dens. He’s also supported Doc Brown and Katherine Ryan on tour, and made an appearance on Russell Howard’s Stand-Up Central on Comedy Central.<br><br>Edinburgh Fringe 2014 – I Will Prevail:<br><br>✭✭✭✭ “Hilarious and painfully revelatory” Chortle<br><br>✭✭✭✭ “It’s a tour-de-force of a performance. One-line gag merchants would struggle to match his laugh count.” Gigglebeats<br><br>“What a genuinely fresh and powerful voice…it is wonderful” The Scotsman<br><br>“On the cusp of far greater recognition on the back of a strong comic voice very competently delivered.” The List</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Nominated by fellow comedians for the UK Barry Award for ‘Best Performer’</p><p>__________________________________________________________________________</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span>Doors open at 7 pm<br>Online tickets : 20€<br>On the door : 25€</span></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span>For catering we team up with restaurant/tapas bar <strong>Les Pénates</strong>, just across the street from Marni Theatre.&nbsp; You can book your table here info@lespenates.be / 02 850 82 77 and mention you go to the comedy show at Marni, so that the waiters will know you have to be served before a certain time. Book early as this place is very popular and in high demand.</span></p>