---
title: 2020-01-07-english-comedy-night-w-jonny-pelham-&-george-zach
event_title: ENGLISH COMEDY NIGHT W/ JONNY PELHAM & GEORGE ZACH
layout: post
ticket_url: https://www.weezevent.com/jan2020show1
fb_url: https://www.facebook.com/events/455130308716024
image_url: https://wzeweb-p-visuelorga-evn-affiche-thumb.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/affiche_571189.thumb53700.1574598240.jpg
---
<p>Two newcomers to Brussels for this show, but just check out their credentials, wow!!</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Jonny Pelham</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Jonny Pelham began at University and while he was there he achieved runner-up in both the coveted So You Think You're Funny competition and The Chortle Student Comedy Awards.&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Since graduating university Jonny has continued to impress and was a finalist and judges choice in the BBC Radio New Comedy Awards, as well as being nominated for Chortle Best Newcomer in 2014.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>With four critically acclaimed solo shows under his belt,&nbsp;<em>Before and After</em>&nbsp;(2015),&nbsp;<em>Fool’s Paradise</em>&nbsp;(2016)&nbsp;<em>Just Shout Louder</em>&nbsp;(2017) and Off Limits&nbsp; Jonny has also made the exciting step over to the small screen on&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><em>-Russell Howards Stand Up Central</em>&nbsp;for Comedy Central&nbsp;</p><p><em>- Live From The BBC&nbsp;</em></p><p><em>-Live at The Apollo.&nbsp;</em></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Jonny has also appeared in the Viceland series,&nbsp;<em>Bobby &amp; Harriet Getting Married&nbsp;</em>and&nbsp;<em>Plane Spotting</em>&nbsp;for Turtle Canyon.&nbsp;</p><p>Most recently, Jonny had his own short film released as part the Sky Comedy Shorts season,&nbsp;<em>Late Bloomer</em>. Currently, Jonny is working on his first sitcom script commission for Channel 4.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>★★★★ Chortle, ★★★★ The Guardian, ★★★★ Telegraph, ★★★★ The Sunday Times, ★★★★ The The Times, ★★★★ WOW247, ★★★★ Edinburgh Festivals, ★★★★ Fest, ★★★★ Skinny</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>George Zach</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>George was born and raised in Kalamata, Greece, under an olive tree. He moved to Newcastle to study Biochemistry and then, after a sting of playing poker for a living, he did his first stand up comedy gig. Nearly a decade has passed and he is now a full time comedian, featuring in most UK comedy clubs and performing in festivals across the world, such as Melbourne, Perth, Adelaide and of course Edinburgh where he has been turning people away for the last 2 years.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>George has also appeared on TV, specifically BBC One's The One Show and This Week. He has also acted on Sky Shorts and written for Live at The Apollo and Mock The Week. He has supported Larry Dean (Live At The Apollo, Michael McIntyre's Big Show), Luisa Omielan (Live at The Apollo, has released her own special on BBC 1), Chris McCausland (Live at The Apollo) on tour.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>"Truly Terrific", Melbourne Herald ⭐⭐⭐⭐</p><p>"Jokes that are polished, well written and well layered" Adelaide Advertiser ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span>Doors open at 7 pm<br>Online tickets : 20€<br>On the door : 25€</span></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span>For catering we team up with restaurant/tapas bar <strong>Les Pénates</strong>, just across the street from Marni Theatre.&nbsp; You can book your table here info@lespenates.be / 02 850 82 77 and mention you go to the comedy show at Marni, so that the waiters will know you have to be served before a certain time. Book early as this place is very popular and in high demand.</span></p>