---
title: 2020-03-02-english-comedy-night-w-damian-clark-&-nigel-ng
event_title: ENGLISH COMEDY NIGHT W/ DAMIAN CLARK & NIGEL NG
layout: post
ticket_url: https://www.weezevent.com/mar2020show1
fb_url: https://www.facebook.com/events/627839427960240/
image_url: https://wzeweb-p-visuelorga-evn-affiche-thumb.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/affiche_576214.thumb53700.1575804589.jpg
---
<p>Aussie boy <strong>Damian Clark</strong> is finally back!&nbsp; He's been one of our favorite acts since the very begining of our Comedy Nights.&nbsp; Together with him, Malaysian comedy sensation Nigel NG is also paying us another visit.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Damian Clark</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Damian Clark burst onto the UK comedy circuit in 2012 where his high-octane observational stand up has certainly caused some waves. Clark’s infectious energy and childlike outlook has had audiences in hysterics from the get-go and was snapped up immediately to appear on BBC3 &amp; Comedy Central.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Before touching down in the UK, Damian made Ireland his home and became regular features in RTE’s IFTA Award-winning REPUBLIC OF TELLY, comedy panelist in TV3’s THE APPRENTICE: YOU’RE FIRED! plus wrote &amp; co-starred in I DARE YA!&nbsp;(‘Critics’ Choice’ – <em>The Irish Times,</em> ‘A Smash Hit’ – <em>The Sunday Mirror</em>) which became the highest rating Irish comedy debut to date.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Damo’s rambunctious and uplifting stand up continues to tour clubs &amp; festivals all over the UK, Ireland, Europe and beyond. Now is the time to catch this raw talent as he stands on the cusp of super stardom.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Hilariously surreal…well-wrought set delivered with brio and huge charm…Amazing. <em>The Scotsman</em></p><p>Clark had the audience reeling with laughter…he is scorchingly funny and charmingly engaging. <em>Three Weeks</em></p><p>There is barely a bad word to say about Clark: distinctive and possessing a comic talent beyond his years, both biological and mental. <em>Chortle</em></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Nigel NG</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Nigel Ng grew up in Malaysia, lived in America for five years and moved to the UK in 2015. Having started his comedy career in Chicago, he’s relieved that (most) people in the UK get his jokes too, as evidenced by him winning the prestigious Amused Moose Laugh Off 2016 and being runner up in the Laughing Horse New Act of the Year 2015.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Nigel was the winner of the Amused Moose Comedy Laugh Off 2016 and the finalist of many other prestigious comedy competitions such as&nbsp;Laughing Horse New Act of the Year 2015,&nbsp;Leicester Mercury Comedian of the Year 2016 and Leicester Square New Comedian of the Year&nbsp;2015.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>His combination of laid back&nbsp;likability and sharp observations are sure to&nbsp;get him far.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>He was also a finalist in the Leicester Mercury Comedian of the Year (2016) and Leicester Square New Comedian of the Year (2015) competitions, and now can be seen performing in comedy clubs across the UK.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>‘Natural funnybones…as slick as they come’ – Chortle</p><p>‘Plenty of good lines… keen observer’ – beyondthejoke.co.uk</p><p>‘Top notch… oozed likability and the audience loved him from the word go… stole the show’ – The Stand</p><p>__________________________________________________________________________</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span>Doors open at 7 pm<br>Online tickets : 20€<br>On the door : 25€</span></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><span>For catering we team up with restaurant/tapas bar <strong>Les Pénates</strong>, just across the street from Marni Theatre.&nbsp; You can book your table here info@lespenates.be / 02 850 82 77 and mention you go to the comedy show at Marni, so that the waiters will know you have to be served before a certain time. Book early as this place is very popular and in high demand.</span></p>