---
title: 2021-10-27-english-comedy-night-w-rory-o-hanlon-michael-jaeger
event_title: ENGLISH COMEDY NIGHT W/ RORY O'HANLON & MICHAEL JÄGER
layout: post
ticket_url: https://www.weezevent.com/ecnoct2021
fb_url: https://www.facebook.com/events/331537375409183/
image_url: https://wzeweb-p-visuelorga-evn-affiche-thumb.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/affiche_766734.thumb53700.1633258386.jpg
---
<p>For our second show at Aloft Hotel, we are very happy to welcome back Irishman <strong>Rory O'Hanlon</strong> and German comedian <strong>Michael Jäger</strong></p><p><strong>Rory O'Hanlon</strong></p><p style="text-align:justify;">Rory O’Hanlon is a Dublin based stand up comedian who observational syle of of comedy has made him a instant hit with crowds up and down the country.</p><p style="text-align:justify;">&nbsp;</p><p style="text-align:justify;">Rory plays and MC’s every venue in ireland from the world famous Comedy Cellar ,the International Comedy Club The Laughter Lounge, the Empire Belfast to City Limits in Cork, while also becoming a firm favourite across the water in the legendary stand venues in both Glasgow and Edinburgh where he has played at the best of irish at the edinburgh fringe for the last years.&nbsp;Rory is making a great reputation as one of the hardest working comedians on the circuit.&nbsp; He is a regular at our shows in Brussels, and a must see act.</p><p style="text-align:justify;">&nbsp;</p><p style="text-align:justify;">“entertaining and assured closer “chortle</p><p style="text-align:justify;">“amusing and charming man” 3 weeks</p><p><strong>MIchael Jäger</strong></p><p>Michael is one of the top breakout stars on continental Europe and is taking comedy clubs by storm with his quick-witted quirky humour that leaves audiences giggling all the way home. He used to be boat captain for tourists in Amsterdam and is legendary for incorporating comedy into his tours.</p><p>He is a German born, Amsterdam based Comedian, Storyteller and Producer. Michael studied Psychology and Economics. After studying Economics he despised&nbsp;business people. After studying Psychology he despised all people. &nbsp;And after starting&nbsp;comedy he fell in love with people.</p><p>______________________________</p><p><span><span>Doors open at 7 pm<br>Online tickets : 20€<br>On the door : 25€</span></span></p><p><br>Come early for a drink as well as some meet &amp; mingle!</p>
