---
title: 2024-01-09-carey-marx-and-manuel-wolff
event_title: Carey Marx & Manuel Wolff
layout: post
ticket_url: https://my.weezevent.com/carey2024
fb_url: https://www.facebook.com/events/3608235522721178/
image_url: https://wzeweb-p-visuelorga-evn-affiche.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/affiche_1072401.jpg
location: The Black Sheep, Chaussée de Boondael 8, 1050, Bruxelles Belgique
---
<p>Let's kick off this new year with multi award winning comedian <strong>Carey Marx</strong></p>
<p> <strong>Carey Marx</strong></p> <p> Winner - Best international show, New-Zealand comedy festival 2009 &amp; 2011</p> <p> «<em>Anecdotally debauched</em>» Herald</p> <p> «<em>A comic at his gleeful best</em>» Edinburgh evening news</p> <p> «<em>Highly engaging, devilish, menacing and totally mesmerizing</em>» Edinburgh Guide</p> <p> Carey Marx has been a circuit favourite for years, mixing his own blend of dark humour with his mischievous and gleeful delivery. His wilful disregard for the controversial and delicate is tempered beautifully by his ability to find joy in the most unexpected places. This hilarious mix of edgy topics and playful gagsmithery can be seen at all the top clubs across the country with Marx regularly playing Jongleurs, Komedia and The Comedy Store and annually compering the largest festivals.</p> <p> Carey has taken numerous critically acclaimed shows to Edinburgh Festival Fringe over the years. His 2013 show, Intensive Carey, was so successful that it was picked up by BBC Radio 4 in 2015 and developed into a R4 special.</p> <p> <strong>Manuel Wolff</strong></p> <p> <span>Manuel Wolff is a german comedian, who performs stand up in german and english in theaters, comedy clubs and corporate events. He hosts his own Comedy Club in Cologne, where he lives. After a video of his first english performance went viral, he was featured in the «laughs in translation» documentary about Comedy around the world, as the german representative and was invited to hod a TEDX-talk about creating world peace - one laugh at a time.</span></p> <p> In Germany he won several comedy awards and boasts several TV appearances.</p> <p> - “hilarious observations and spontaneous ideas, excellent performer!”<br> - “Dry, minimalistic and laugh-out-loud funny”<br> - "a whirlwind of comedy“<br> - “Great entertainer, wonderful and intelligent. Go there and be happy!“</p> <p> _________________________________________________</p> <p> Venue : The black Sheep</p> <p> Doors open at 6:30 pm</p> <p> Show starts at 8 pm</p> <p> Come early for a drink as well as some meet &amp; mingle!</p> <p> </p> <p> </p> </div> <p> </p>
